hey guys um so here and if you're
wondering what I'm doing um this is
minecraft server i curated used to a
multi Percival i created yesterday
morning with me Sparky and megaman um
what we've been doing um sure this is a
spawn but we decided to make a top-down
you be a doll and until you reach our
village and stuff it's glitching out so
i need to disconnect and reconnect look
at it you look so okay yeah over here
everything shown this is our main
entrance start from the front of the
town to the back I'm this is the stoned
zombie pub come in here you got some
meat there then you got to know can meet
and you guys some serving fuzzier
and then we got the Johnsons Catholic
Church walk in sit down on the chairs
tea bag this is a creature stands oh
holy balls yeah I don't know i made
that but I decision every here is our
nether portal which we are going to use
when not fixes the nether as if you can
see it won't even walk it's working at
arraignment not still has to fix that
this is a Community Chest room we place
all our junk that we don't need in here
like that
um if the hair is Sparky's house it's
got like jack in here actually
being in his ass spa oh cool underwater
let's go it's awesome squawky and then
he's got some some ladders to the roof
and you come over here with the nicely
decorated roof this is this was
recommends house except he's gone Bear
Grylls haven't yoli they must be AFK but
come over here this is our watchtower
climb up here it's to be 19 20 hours to
make I just can took like 20 minutes but
this is pretty much over logo I'll city
that we've made let's go back down we
ocean and you come around here this is
my house um for everybody that's been
playing myself up wants to know it's
downstairs oh here it is this is the
mother room yeah nothing special and no
but not mining that the jack diddly
and come in my house in mine it I'm
gonna rip your balls off and this is our
farm without sade sweet grind but stupid
animals keep them treading on it and
Bali wrong and the back each I need a
trim
someone from neutral mentor and they'll
all grow up to three hi again and then
with this ball and gets gold on control
but you can make weight and stuff just
pretty awesome and that's pretty much it
besides this fountain oh and we've got a
duck out here oh if you got any
suggestions what we should build in our
village of please leave a comment
because we were most likely extend it
out to here and build it we're going to
get birds for this of course but we just
haven't been bothered yet we're gonna
hit this cactus in the distance yeah the
cactus I'll go again recording but um
yeah I hope you liked our village and
yeah bye